A simple adventure game by {who?} based on a simple adventure game engine by [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly).

Code requirements:
- **4+ scenes based on `AdventureScene`**: MansionExterior, MansionInterior, Office, Mausoleum (name at least 4 of the classes).
- **2+ scenes *not* based on `AdventureScene`**: Intro, HiddenRoom (name the classes).
- **2+ methods or other enhancement added to the adventure game engine to simplify my scenes**:
    - Enhancement 1: playBadSound (plays a buzzer sound when clicking on an object you have not found the key for/not interactable) (name the method and explain the use of it).
    - Enhancement 2: playPickedSound (plays a ding noise when you add an item to your inventory) (name the method and explain the use of it).

Experience requirements:
- **4+ locations in the game world**: MansionExterior, MansionInterior, Office, Mausoleum (name at least 4 of the classes).
- **2+ interactive objects in most scenes**: Doors can be interacted, will make buzzing noise if you don't have the right key. Safe in scene 1 will buzz and move if you don't have the code(describe two examples)
- **Many objects have `pointerover` messages**: Pretty much all objects have a pointerover: key in mansion exterior, coffins in mausoleum (describe two examples)
- **Many objects have `pointerdown` effects**: Pretty much all objects have a pointerdown: doors in all rooms, computer in office (describe two examples)
- **Some objects are themselves animated**: Safe has animation when you don't have the code to show that it hasn't opened, the closed coffin in mausoleum shakes to show that it isn't openable. (describe two examples)

Asset sources:
- (For each image/audio/video asset used, describe how it was created. What tool did you use to create it? Was it based on another work? If so, how did you change it, and where can we learn more about the original work for comparison? Use [Markdown link syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax#links).)

- Audio for buzzer (bad sound) and ding (good sound) used from freesounds.org and had their audio levels reduced in Audacity
- Images were generated by Openart.ai (Stable Diffusion model) and edited in MS Paint (mostly cropping)
- Other images were just using emoticons

Code sources:
- `adventure.js` and `index.html` were created for this project [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly) and edited by me.
- `game.js` was sketched by [Adam Smith](https://github.com/rndmcnlly) and rewritten by me.
